School of Resource and Environmental Management, Simon Fraser University, 
and the Institute of Ecosystem Studies 

LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY

This legal document is an agreement between you, the Licensee, and the 
School of Resource and Environmental Management, Simon Fraser University, 
and the Institute of Ecosystem Studies, the Licenser.  The computer 
software, Gap Light Analyzer, ("the Software") is licensed not sold, for use 
only under the terms of this license.

The Licenser owns all intellectual property rights, including copyright, 
trade secret, and other proprietary rights, in the Software and does not 
sell or give any rights to it.  Copyright law and international treaties 
protect the Software. Unauthorized reproduction of it, or any portion of it, 
may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to 
the maximum extent possible under the law.  The Licenser grants the right to 
use the Software by means of this license. The Licenser retains all rights 
not expressly granted in this document.

LICENSE:

This license allows you to:
* Use the Software on any computer.
* Make a copy of the Software for backup purposes in support of use of the 
Software.
* Merge the Software into another software program for use in accordance 
with above.  Any portion of this Software merged into another software 
program will continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement. 
* Transfer the Software or license to any other party only in case that the 
transferee agrees to the terms and conditions in this agreement. 

RESTRICTIONS:

This software and the accompanying written materials are copyrighted.  You 
may not: 

* Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or make any attempt to discover 
the source code of the software.
* Modify, adapt, translate, loan, rent, lease, resell, distribute, network, 
or create derivative works based upon the Software or any part thereof. 
* Incorporate the Software in any product that is to be sold, leased, 
licensed or resold without the written consent of the Licenser.

You agree to keep confidential and use your best efforts to prevent and 
protect the contents of the Software from unauthorized disclosure or use.

TERMS:  

The license is effective until terminated.  You may terminate the license at 
any other time by destroying the Software together with all copies and 
portions in any form.

The license will also terminate upon conditions set forth elsewhere in the 
Agreement or if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this 
Agreement.  You agree upon such termination to destroy the Software together 
with all copies or portions in any form.

LIMITED WARRANTY:

The Software is provided "as is". The Licenser and any 3rd-party 
contributors make no warranty, representation, promise or guarantee of any 
kind, either expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but 
not limited to the implied warranties of quality, performance, 
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire risk as to 
the quality and performance of the Software is with the Licensee. The 
Licenser and any 3rd-party contributors do not warrant that the functions 
contained in the Software will meet your requirements or that the operation 
of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free. 

The Licenser's and any 3rd-party contributor's entire liability and the 
Licensee's exclusive remedy shall be that the Licensee will be allowed to 
install the Software a second time. In no event will the Licenser or 
3rd-party contributor be liable to the Licensee for any damages, including 
any lost profits, lost data, lost savings or other special, incidental, 
economic, indirect or consequential damages arising out of the use or 
inability to use the Software, or for any claim by any other party, even if 
the Licenser or 3rd-party contributor has been advised of the possibility of 
such damages.

GENERAL:

Any attempt to sublicense, assign or transfer the license of the Software 
except as expressly provided in the Agreements(s) is void.  This Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada.  
Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, you may contact the 
Licenser through the web site:
This Agreement incorporates the entire Agreement of the parties and there 
are no other provisions, whether oral or written, between the parties unless 
contained herein.  The headings in this Agreement are intended solely for 
convenience of reference and shall be given no effect in the interpretation 
of the Agreement.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE HAVING READ THIS AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY.  YOU 
UNDERSTAND THEM, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEIR TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  YOU 
ALSO AGREE THAT THE LICENSE AND LIMITED WARRANTY ARE THE COMPLETE AND 
EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND SUPERSEDE ALL 
PROPOSALS OR PRIOR AGREEMENTS ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THE LICENSE OR THE 
LIMITED WARRANTY.
